1. Code Style
- Examples of Inconsistant indentation and spacing:
    In Frontend.java, there are inconsisant indentation and spacing that can improve.
    For example, line 25 and line 28, the while loop has the same indent as the runCommandLoop()
    and from 103 to 105 line, there are spacings that can be deleted. 
- Examples of clear and concise variable names and methods; and names that are less clear and concise. 
What makes those examples clear and concise, and how could the less clear and concise ones be improved.
    Variable names and methods are easy to read and there are no fruther recommendations. 
    For example in the Frontend class runCommandLoop method, the variable name "quit" and "input" are 
        concise and can be easily understood
- Examples (lines numbers) of code that is easily readable and code that is less easy to read. What makes 
each of the examples either easy to read, or what would improve their readability?
    All code are easy to read. I believe the appropriate spacing and indent makes it readable. Great job. 

- Examples (line numbers) of code that is sufficiently commented to allow you to follow its logical steps 
and code that does not have sufficient in-line comments.
    I don't see any code commented in the App class and Frontend class. Although the code is concise and 
    easy to read and understood, I wish there are some in-line comment for some loops and code that are 
    comparatively more complicated than others. For example, for the setFilter method in Frontend class, 
    it would be helpful if the for loop (from line 166 to 169) is commented: "print out each songs that fit the threshold". 

2. Documentation
- Share which methods are sufficiently documented, and which are not. What makes their documentation sufficient or insufficient?
    The files are well documented. Very easy to understand what each methods do. 

- Share specific examples of well specified parameters and return values of methods and constructors, and 
others that are not well specified. What makes their specification effective or ineffective?


